Turing Live Coding Challenge Prep

Constraints in Turing Web IDE while doing the challenge:

* Challenge problem text is an image. So no text copy pasting.
* Solution you need to fully write out in the web editor. So no copy pasting.
* Only 30 mins to do the test including running test cases and submitting.
* You get 2 Problems that you can pick.

1. Open your favorite IDE so you can quickly code search and test small parts.
2. Open webbrowser for quick searches.
3. Do not type over the code in the Main(stringp[] args). You will lose valuable time.
4. When you start immediately select the programming language in the dropdown.
5. Choose the Problem you feel most comfortable with.
6. Read the problem description and try to understand first what the problem is. Still will take some time.
7. Once you understand the problem. Use the Turing Web IDE to code you solution. Do not code first in you local IDE. You will lose time there.
8. Run Initial Tests multiple times before submitting. Running of the test is quite slow. Reserve time for that because there might be some compile errors to fix.
9. Submit within one minute before closing. Just to make sure you get it submitted before the timer ends.


Interview Questions found review comments on Glassdoor website

3-sum problem: Given a target number and a list, find the 3 numbers in the list that add up to the target number.

What are race conditions and how did you handle it?


5 ish hour vetting process, including technical tests specific to the stack, 1 leetcode easy and 1 leetcode medium.

For client interview: "Describe your most extensive React project and your contribution to it", "walk me through how would you design IMDB from scratch"

Recursion coding challenge that was medium difficult, I can't post it here it would be cheating

Interview Questions
1. Algorithm coding test
2. Tech stack tests

Live coding challenge, to reverse a word, but only the characters and numbers and not the special characters.

General leetcode 1 easy & 1 medium level question

questions about data structure, algorithms and logics

How would you go about determining if a string is a palindrome?

Interview Questions
1. Rotating an array.
2. Calculating product of all elements of an array except i.




